Wordsmith flow control recommendation. (#60)
huitema/dnsoquic: draft-ietf-dprive-dnsoquic.md

## Flow Control Mechanisms

Servers and Clients manage flow control using the mechanisms defined in

> section 4 of {{!RFC9000}}. These mechanisms allows clients and servers to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{Section 4 of RFC9000}}. These mechanisms allows clients and servers to
```
(Gonna keep doing that to you :)

Author: I tried. I updated to the latest release of kramdown, using `gem update`. Then I applied your edit, ran kramdown, and ran xml2rfc. I get the following error:
```
PS C:\Users\huite\GitHub\dnsoquic> xml2rfc --text draft.xml
draft.xml(0): Error: IDREF attribute target references an unknown ID "Section_4_of_RFC9000", at None
file:/C:/Users/huite/GitHub/dnsoquic/draft.xml(13): Error: Invalid document before running preptool.
Unable to complete processing draft.xml
```
I think I will table these `section` updates for now.

how many streams can be created, how much data can be sent on a stream,
and how much data can be sent on the union of all streams. For DNS over QUIC,
controlling how many streams are created allow servers to control how many
new requests the client can send on a given connection.

> The global and per stream flow control allow servers to control how much data can be sent by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For servers, global and per-stream flow control limits control how much data can be sent by
```

clients. If that control is strict, clients will have to wait for new credits
before they can transmit the full content of the request. The same mechanisms
allow clients to control how much data can be sent by servers. If too strict,
servers will have to wait for credits before sending the full content of the
responses.

Initial values of parameters control how many requests and how much data can be
sent by clients and servers at the beginning of the connection. These values
are specified in transport parameters exchanged during the connection handshake.
The parameter values received in the initial connection also control how many requests and
how much data can be sent by clients using 0-RTT data in a resumed connection.

> Using too small values of these initial parameters would restrict the
> usefulness of allowing 0-RTT data.

Reviewer: Generic advice about the trade-off might be clearer than specific advice...

```suggestion

Flow control exists to protect endpoint resources.
Values that are too small will unnecessarily limit performance.
Values that are too large might expose endpoints to overload or memory exhaustion.
Implementations or deployments will need to adjust flow control limits to balance these concerns.
```

This is duplicative of the sentence on line 565-567, which might be removed if you like this text.

Author: There is another issue there. Flow control credits can be given through initial values (transport parameters) or by using dynamic updates (various flow control frames), but 0-RTT data is solely controlled by the initial values. Since 0-RTT performance is important, I want to point that out.

Author: Let's try a compromise...

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we should add some specific advice here around XFR because use of values that are too small in that case could prevent a large IXFR or a full AXFR being sent (not just a performance issue).... this *could* also be true for large DNSSEC response....

Author: @saradickinson there are two issues: the initial value of the parameters, and the ongoing value. For 0-RTT, flow control is entirely defined by the initial value. That limits the amount of data that clients can send. But clients should only send queries. Even with EDNS options, queries are rather short, so I do not expect much issue there.

In the case of AXFR, unless the initial limit is huge, the client will most probably need to update the flow control limits during the course of the connection. That's standard behavior in QUIC. For example, in tests of 1GB downloads, the initial limit is typically in the 64KB to 1MB range, and then the client gradually increases it -- how "gradually" being left to implementers.

Martin's point is that we should try not to duplicate or paraphrase the QUIC standard in this document. Indeed, doing so can backfire if there is a slight contradiction between what we write and the QUIC RFCs. I wanted to point out the effect on 0-RTT, because that's somewhat specific to the DoQ application. But the handling of large XFR is not fundamentally different from downloading large documents with HTTP, so I don't think that we need extra text.

On the other hand, we may need something else, a reference in the security section to the Slowloris attack (section 21.6 or RFC 9000). That attack can be instantiated in DoQ just like in H3. Clients could send a bunch of queries, or start AXFR, and then play games with flow control credits to stall the server. Maybe we should mention that.

  a MAX_STREAM_DATA frame.

For better performance, it is RECOMMENDED that clients and servers set each of
these two parameters to a value of 65537 or greater, allowing for at least one

> query or response of maximum length 65535 bytes.

Reviewer: I missed this before, but this assumes that a) you want maximum-sized queries/responses and b) in that case, you only have one concurrent request.  Neither of those seems likely, so this recommendation is not likely to be very good.

Author: There is one request per stream, so if the client opens a stream to send a query, it automatically grants the initial-bidir credits for that stream to the server. But yes, there is still the issue of global flow control. And, in the XFR case, there is the issue of the sender having to send the entire zone content in a stream containing multiple responses. Suggestion?

Reviewer: The fewer words thing probably captures the best advice I can give: just say that the initial flow control limits for bidirectional streams will affect the size of requests and responses unless you are willing to spend an additional round trip to open things up (which is probably fine for XFR, so optimize for queries).  The connection-level limit and the number of streams will affect the number of requests that can be made at the same time.  Then, let people reach their own conclusions.

I tend to think that most servers are best setting a low limit for the initial stream data limits, optimizing for queries.  XFR can use MAX_STREAM_DATA to open things out: even if it costs a round trip, it will still be faster than TCP.

But let's not pretend that we will know better than the people implementing and deploying this stuff: they will be able to tune to their conditions far better than any generic parameters we might be able to put in an RFC.  Our job is just to give them the right pointers.

Author: I get your point: the advice here is partly a guess, and we will know more after actual deployments. I still think we need some text to draw attention to the issues, but I accept that the advice would have to be just that. In my mind, this means the following: 
* Point out that QUIC transport allows multiple levels of flow control, such as how many streams can be created, how much data can be sent on a stream, and how much data can be sent on the union of all streams.
* For DoQ, controlling how many streams are created allow servers to control how many new requests the client can send on a given connection.
* The stream data control allow servers to control how much data can be sent by clients. If that control is strict, clients will have to wait for new credits before they can transmit the full content of the request.
* The stream data control allow clients to control how much data can be sent by servers. If that control is strict, servers will have to wait for new credits before they can transmit the full content of the responses.
* Initial values of parameters control how many requests and how much data can be sent by clients and servers at the beginning of the connection. The parameter values received in the initial connection also control how many requests and how much data can be sent by clients using 0-RTT data in a resumed connection.
And then, add text explaining that for smooth operation it might be good to set initial values of parameters (give the list) that allow the client to send at least some requests, and the server to send the responses without being blocked. May not need to provide numerical values. May need to point out the slow loris attack.

Author: Please check the new text.
